Are other sects secretly
Wuji, you are very smart.
You should be able to understand my good intentions
I will announce it later
Give up taking you as a disciple of the enemy ship
Just the matter of inner disciples doesn't have to be
When will you break through the six levels?
The teacher canonized you as a holy son in the open
Lord, I understand.
Hiding is only temporary
Just like the hidden dragon in the abyss
Waiting for you to soar into the sky
The day when the world became famous
Yes, Wuji will not let you down very much.
That's right, Chuchu
You should also remember to keep it a secret
This is the life of Guang Wuji
Don't spread it out
Dad, don't worry.
I know the stakes.
Okay, Wuji, you just entered the middle door.
Let Chu Chu take you to familiarize yourself with the middle door first
Next, you must practice well